Add EKS Guide (#278)
scalar-labs/scalar-terraform: docs/EKSScalarTerraformDeploymentGuide.md

$ chmod 400 example_key

# You need to add the key to your ssh agent
$ ssh-add example_key

# Create an environment and bastion server
$ terraform init

# Update the "name" to a unique value for your deployment inside "example.tfvars"
$ terraform apply -var-file example.tfvars
```

Note that the current version uses [the `network` module](./modules/aws/network). It uses the master branch, but it would probably need to be changed if you deploy it in your production environment.

### Create SSH config file

Once the `terraform apply` is finished, the network module can output the SSH config file.

```console
terraform output ssh_config > ssh.cfg
```

It is needed to connect to the various hosts created with scalar-terraform in the following steps.

## Create Kubernetes cluster

By default, `scalar-terraform` creates an EKS cluster with `public and private` endpoint accesses.

It is recommended to deploy without changing `public_cluster_enabled` and later deploy with `public_cluster_enabled = false` to make it not publically available for security reasons since some configurations like `cluster_auto_scaling` (false by default) requires the cluster to be public to work properly.

> Please see [Amazon EKS Guide](./EKSGuide.md) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see [the sidenote](./EKSDeploymentSidenote.md) for more detail.
```

Also, can you change the filename to `EKSDeploymentSidenote.md` for consistency?

Author: Renamed.

```console
$ cd ${SCALAR_TERRAFORM_EXAMPLES}/aws/kubernetes

# Create the Kubernetes cluster
$ terraform init
$ terraform apply -var-file example.tfvars
```

> For more information about the variables in `example.tfvars`, please refer to [`kubernetes` module](./modules/aws/kubernetes).

Reviewer 2: The relative link doesn't seem to work. Probably it is safe to keep the absolute URLs from the original doc as it was in the `scalar-kubernetes` repo.

Author: Fixed to use `../`.
